fix(docs): tls certificate chain (#534)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/deployments/tls_ssl.md

# Configure TLS/SSL

::: tip Note
This feature is only available for the Dedicated plan.
:::

> EMQX Dedicated deployment recommends customized certificate validation and provides both one-way/two-way TLS/SSL. This section introduces the certification validation, including instructions on how to configure the TSL/SSL protocol in your deployment and test if the configuration is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX Cloud Dedicated deployment recommends customized certificate validation and provides both one-way/two-way TLS/SSL. This section introduces the certification validation, including instructions on how to configure the TSL/SSL protocol in your deployment and test if the configuration is successful.
```

> EMQX Cloud **Dedicated Deployment** recommends customized certificate validation and provides both one-way/two-way TLS/SSL. This section introduces the certification validation, including instructions on how to configure the TSL/SSL protocol in your deployment and test if the configuration is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX Dedicated deployment recommends customized certificate validation and provides both one-way/two-way TLS/SSL. This section introduces the certification validation, including instructions on how to configure the TSL/SSL protocol in your deployment and test if the configuration is successful.
```

  - 1024 bit RSA (RSA_1024)
  - 2048 bit RSA (RSA_2048)

> - Certificate (including certificate chain, if applicable): We only support uploading certificates in **x509** format. **Please merge your certificate (.crt or .pem) and any related certificate chain files into one file and upload it**. If your certificate is issued by an certificate authority, it is important to include the certificate chain to ensure that it is correctly recognized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Certificate (including certificate chain, if applicable): The EMQX Platform supports uploading certificates in **x509** format. **Please merge your certificate (.crt or .pem) and any related certificate chain files into one file and upload it**. If your certificate is issued by a certificate authority, it is important to include the certificate chain to ensure that it is correctly recognized.
```

> - Certificate (including certificate chain, if applicable): The EMQX Platform supports uploading certificates in **x509** format. **Please merge your certificate (.crt or .pem) and any related certificate chain files into one file and upload it**. If your certificate is issued by a certificate authority, it is important to include the certificate chain to ensure that it is correctly recognized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Certificate (including certificate chain, if applicable): The EMQX Cloud supports uploading certificates in **x509** format. **Please merge your certificate (.crt or .pem) and any related certificate chain files into one file and upload it**. If your certificate is issued by a certificate authority, it is important to include the certificate chain to ensure that it is correctly recognized.
```
